Oh
nine-one-one what is your emergency
my new things get posted
my home gets foreclosed my cat I wake up
in a trunk my friend goes deep there's
an awkward silence I say something
unintentionally racist I'm gonna don't
win visited by mr. Tim hey boy
I'm attacked by in our waters the
apocalypse started I think I might've
sharted
hi there if you're a human you've
probably got problems don't worry just
call the bacon hotline tell the bacon
bot your problem then follow his simple
advice it's not easy and it's completely
free dial four zero two eight eight
bacon oh here's one right now pay bacon
bot yeah I keep having this horrible
dream that the world runs out of bacon
right